10 SECOND CHUG
5 SECOND QUESTION
Tell your weirdest fantasy!
Taken? Take 5~
Drink 2 if you've been to a vrc meet up. 
Take 3 shots with the person to your left and right and spin again
Take a shot and Speak gibberish for 1 round
Give a sales pitch to the person to your right!
Go around the the table and give everyone a compliment. Take a shot with the last person you compliment.
Say uwu after every sentence for the next round.
Purr and meow to the person to your left
Take a shot and Dance in the middle of the table for 30 seconds
Explain to people why you should be the next president, ending it with a toast!
Plead your case to the group! The group decides guilty or innocent! Guilty? Take 5! Innocent? Give 5!
Give a shot to the person you think will pass out first!
Give 10 shots to the person you think will pass out last!
Tell your most embarrassing hook up story~
Take a shot if your listening to your own music!
Take 5 if you're a quest~!
Take 10 if you're on desktop (we all know you have a headset lazy bitch)
Take 30 if you have complained about the weather this week!
Drink and spin again if you're older than 25.
Drink you have the traffic cone up your bootae.
Drink if you've been drunk for more than 24 hours straight.
Drink if you're drinking
Drink if you have had vitamin ~D~ today 
Drink if you've ever lied about your height
Drink 3 if you have never cheated
Drink 5 if you went through and emo faze. Drink 10 if you are still in your emo faze.
Drink 5 if you're gay~
Drink 5 if you're pan~
Drink 30 if you're straight -_-
Drink 10 if you sleep with socks on
Drink if you banged in spoo's closet (or cried)
Give your best impression of the person to your right.
Drink 5 if you drink milk with your meals.
Drink 3 if you've taste your own cxm.
Drink if you have a specail sock
Tell everyone your weirdest fetish.
Go to your bathroom and put your foot in the toliet. With a sock on.
Drink if you believe in ghost.
Take a shot for every piece of clothing or object you’ve destroyed while drinking!
Go do seven minutes in heaven, group picks who you go with.
Try not to say cheers for a whole round.
Everyone say cheer.
What was the last thing you argued about? Cheers with those who agree! 
Pretend to be married to the person to your left but it was definitely for money.
Speak with an accent for the next round.
Dance for the person to your right
Are you a tiddie or ass person.
Pretend to be uwu drunk epi for a round.
Do an impression of the person to your right.
Right I just wanna see what people come up with
Drink if you ever kissed someone... on the mouth?!?!?!
Drink if you ever kissed someone.. NOT ON THE MOUTH?!?!?!?!
Drink 5 shots if you ever paid for porn
Drink 10 if you have an onlyfans subscription!
Wear your favorite troll avi for one round! (edited)
Tell the crowd how you got phantom pregnant!
If your drinking liquor take a shot!
Drinking beer? Drink more. Drink the rest of your can.
Drink if you think you could befriend a wild animal.
Tell everyone why it's okay to marry your body pillow.
Describe the worst drunken night you can hardly remember
~If you're gay and you know it take two shots~ (you have to sing it before you drink
If your straight drink a water shot ~
Drink if there's a femboy in nanas lap!
Drink if you've been to a vrc wedding!
Drink 10 if you love drinking!
Drink 2 if you love sprootsie!
CXM Members Take 2
Drink 2 if Knocked loose is in one of his Alter Egos
30 Second Chug!
Finish %25 of your drink
Finish %50 of your drink
Drink 5 if Epi is UwU Drunk
Drink for how many NSFW avatars you own!
Drink 2 if you own a CXM Shirt
Drink 1 for how many times Ozzycazy Passed out.
Truth or Dare, Group pick
Send a photo to a friend on Discord saying, (Happily married)
Drink 1 if you spilt your drink before!
Drag a friend to the table and get them to drink 2!
Sprootsie Workout special! (Every 2 Squats you hand out 1 drink)
Drink 2 if you see ElevenHand without pants on!
Drink 5 if you survived N.N.N
Kiss the person to your Right
Kiss the person to your left
Say 1 good thing and 1 bad thing about the same person or drink 5!
Give your best lap dance to the person to your left!
Do your best impression of a monkey!
Recite the alphabet backward!
Propose to an inanimate object!
If you have DPS take a shot, degenerate!
Tell everyone your most embarrassing moment!
The Destroyer of Worlds! (Drink for 30 seconds and 5 shots!)
Ozzycazy Special! (Ask him.)
If you’ve ever thrown up from drinking too much, finish your drink!
Take 5 if you are not in the CXM Group!
Pretend you are a farm animal and act.
Have some hot sauce (any) with your drink!
Drink for how many Hotdogs Opposium has eaten
Drink 6 if Epi is not UwU Drunk
Drink 2 if know what DnD is
Salty, Take a pinch of salt with your drink
Drink for how many BadDragon toys you own. 
Got the dog in you? Drink 6 you fend! 
Drink for how many prior CXM Events you been to!
!!!WATERFALL!!! (Drink Water, 10 SECONDS)
Hydrate, Drink water for 1 round
Break time, Drink 3 Waters
Tipsy? Drink 2 waters
Drink %25 of your water!
Drink %50 of your Water!
Drink if your discord is in your bio.
Drink if you're procrastinating
Drink if you broke the seal.
Drink if you haven't drank in the past 5 questions.
Give the person to your left your best ORIGINAL pickup line. If they laugh or reject you, finish your drink to town your sorrows
If you’re single, everyone else drinks. Still alone huh?
If you have gold on your avi take a drink
If you haven’t drank in the last round take a drink
Give a drink to your favorite couple at the table
If you’re taken take a drink with your partner
If you’re single give out a drink (rizz?)
If you’re sitting down take 3 drinks (lazy ahh)
Buddy shot with yourself (take two)
If you've ever been drunk on a plane take a drink
If you’re drinking straight liquor, take a shot
If you’re drinking a mixed drink, kill half of it
Take a drink for every language you know
Take a drink if your bar tab has exceeded 200 dollars in one night
Take a drink for every IRL meetup you’ve been to
Take a drink for every time you’ve used doordash during this week
If you've gotten injured while on vrc take a drink!
If you've banged in the closet take a drink!
